[Music]
life is a road straight and narrow
stay on the road and it will take you
safely home
but make a wrong turn
and you will meet the darkness
[Music]
the detectives here she's going to be
taking over
[Music]
i'm certain i know you from somewhere
i don't think so
come on stay and play
[Music]
look i have a marriage to protect
you're afraid i'm gonna expose you to
your wife
it wasn't a robbery can you think of
anyone who might want to harm you
friends family
a woman you screwed
and discarded
[Music]
this wasn't part of the plan
did you do it did i do what
i am not a murderer
i don't believe you
i made one wrong turn
[Music]
and it cost me everything well then you
shouldn't have come to vegas
[Applause]
oh god nothing's easy with you
[Music]